Jenkins
Blog
Documentation 
Plugins
Use-cases 
Participate
Sub-projects
Resources 
About 
 
 
Jenkins
Build great things at any scale

The leading open source automation server, Jenkins provides hundreds of plugins to support building, deploying and automating any project.

Say “hello” to Blue Ocean
Blue Ocean is a new user experience that puts Continuous Delivery in reach of any team — without sacrificing the power and sophistication of Jenkins.

 
Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery
As an extensible automation server, Jenkins can be used as a simple CI server or turned into the continuous delivery hub for any project.

Easy installation
Jenkins is a self-contained Java-based program, ready to run out-of-the-box, with packages for Windows, Mac OS X and other Unix-like operating systems.

Easy configuration
Jenkins can be easily set up and configured via its web interface, which includes on-the-fly error checks and built-in help.

Plugins
With hundreds of plugins in the Update Center, Jenkins integrates with practically every tool in the continuous integration and continuous delivery toolchain.

Extensible
Jenkins can be extended via its plugin architecture, providing nearly infinite possibilities for what Jenkins can do.

Distributed
Jenkins can easily distribute work across multiple machines, helping drive builds, tests and deployments across multiple platforms faster.

Mar 1 Thu
7:00 pm
Breizh JAM
The "as code" paradigm is about being able to reproduce and/or restore a full environment within minutes based on recipes and automation, managed as code.

 
Mar 1 Thu
7:00 pm
Washington DC JAM
Happy New Year! We are kicking off 2018 with an Online Meetup on March 1st.

 
Mar 7 Wed
6:00 pm
Philadelphia JAM
March 2018 Philadelphia JAM

 
Mar 14 Wed
6:00 pm
Triangle Area JAM
We are currently looking for speakers for this Triangle Jenkins Area Meetup.

 
Mar 19 Mon
6:30 pm
Jenkins Oslo
Day of Cloud Native warm-up!

 
Mar 20 Tue
7:30 pm
DFW JAM
This month, Andrew Bayer will preset: Declarative Pipelines: Tips, Tricks, and Gotchas

Recent Blog Posts
Feb
22
 Project Cheetah - Faster, Leaner Pipeline That Can Keep Up With Demand
Table of Contents Introducing "Project Cheetah" Yes, but what does it DO? How Do I Set Speed/Durability Settings? 1. Globally, you can choose a global default durability setting: 2. Each Pipeline can get a custom Durability Setting: 3. Multibranch Projects can use a new BranchProperty to customize the Durability Setting. Will Performance-Optimized Mode Help Me? Other Goodies How Did You Do It? What Next? This is a guest post by Sam Van Oort, Software Engineer at...

Sam Van Oort
pipeline  performance  scalability
Feb
19
 Jenkins is accepted to Google Summer Of Code 2018, join us!
We are happy to announce that Jenkins project has been accepted to Google Summer of Code 2018. This year we invite students and mentors to join the Jenkins community and work together on various initiatives: core, plugins, development tools and infrastructure. Our mentors have already created some project ideas. For example, you are welcome to work on the new Configuration-as-Code initiative or to help creating standard API for Code Coverage...

Oleg Nenashev
gsoc  gsoc2018  events  community
Feb
14
 Security updates for Jenkins core
We just released security updates to Jenkins, versions 2.107 and 2.89.4, that fix multiple security vulnerabilities. For an overview of what was fixed, see the security advisory. For an overview on the possible impact of these changes on upgrading Jenkins LTS, see our LTS upgrade guide. While the severity score works out as medium for all the vulnerabilities, we strongly recommend that anyone operating publicly accessible Jenkins...

Daniel Beck
core  security
Feb
05
 Security updates for multiple Jenkins plugins
Multiple Jenkins plugins received updates today that fix several security vulnerabilities. Android Lint CCM Credentials Binding JUnit Pipeline: Supporting APIs For an overview of these security fixes, see the security advisory. Subscribe to the jenkinsci-advisories mailing list to receive important future notifications related to Jenkins security....

Daniel Beck
plugins  security
Jan
26
 You are invited to the Post-FOSDEM 2018 Jenkins Hackfest
On the first weekend in February, numerous free and open source developers from around the world will travel to Brussels, Belgium, for arguably the largest event of its kind: FOSDEM. Among the thousands of hackers in attendance will be a number of Jenkins contributors. On the Monday after FOSDEM, you are invited to join a group of those contributors for a full day of hacking on Jenkins. Folks of all...

Liam Newman
fosdem  event
Jan
21
 Overhaul of Manage Jenkins page
Overview Recently some UI improvements around the Manage Jenkins page have been introduced. The visual changes are very subtle but behind them, there are interesting benefits. Some of the goals that we have tried to achieve: Applying a semantic HTML Removing the <table> tag usage for implementing layouts and content structures. Read this article if you want to know reasons and/or arguments. Small re-styling focused on spacing, margins, composition,...

recena
jenkins  ui  restyling  upgrade
Jan
17
 Jenkins World 2018: Call for Papers is Open
This is a guest post by Alyssa Tong, who runs the Jenkins Area Meetup program and is also responsible for Marketing & Community Programs at CloudBees, Inc. Happy 2018! The Jenkins World train is ready to take off once again. As usual, the sign of festivities looming begins with the Call for Papers. Those who attended Jenkins World 2017 know that Jenkins World 2018 is coming...

Alyssa Tong
event  jenkinsworld
Jan
13
 JEP-200: Remoting / XStream whitelist integrated into Jenkins core
Overview JEP-200 has been integrated into Jenkins weekly builds and (if all goes well) will be a part of the next LTS line. In a nutshell, this change is a security hardening measure to be less permissive about deserializing Java classes defined in the Java Platform or libraries bundled with Jenkins. For several years now, Jenkins has specifically blacklisted certain classes and packages according to known or suspected exploits; now...

Jesse Glick
core  security  remoting  upgrade
Jan
08
 Moving from buddybuild to Jenkins for Android Developers
Last week, buddybuild — a hosted continuous integration service focused on mobile apps — announced that it had been acquired by Apple, and consequently its complete Android offering, along with its free tier for iOS users, will be discontinued at the beginning of March. This was a fairly undesirable way to start 2018 for buddybuild’s Android users and, with less than two months to find...

Christopher Orr
android  plugins
Jan
06
 Google Summer Of Code 2018: Call for mentors
This year the Jenkins project is interested in participating in Google Summer of Code (GSoC). As in 2016/2017, we are looking for mentors. So yes, we are looking for you :) What is GSoC? GSoC is an annual international program which encourages college-aged students to participate with open source projects during the summer break between classes. Students accepted into the program receive a stipend, paid by Google, to work on well-defined projects to...

Oleg Nenashev
gsoc  gsoc2018  events  community
We thank the following organizations for their major commitments to support the Jenkins project.

 Microsoft Azure  CloudBees, Inc.  Oregon State University Open Source Lab Rackspace, Inc.  RedHat, Inc.
We thank the following organizations for their support of the Jenkins project through free and/or open source licensing programs.

Atlassian Datadog JFrog Mac Cloud PagerDuty XMission
